From:	XELP INC <yahyayasar@nevsehir.edu.tr>
Sent:	Saturday, April 30, 2022 12:06 PM
To:	undisclosed-recipients:
Subject:	R: Proposal #2071/SG



--
I just want to apologize for any inconvenience this email may cause you. 
I got your email details on a B2B marketing site, I'm interested in establishing and operating a very 
lucrative business as a means of achieving a profitable and successful business with you.

I'm actually seeking a potential partner in other to execute the business as it involves an extensive 
profit. I'm willing to offer 50% of the profit that will be made from the business. Do revert back to for 
more details if you are interested in my offer.

Look Forward to your Positive Response
Thanks & Regards,






























































































































*** Bu e-posta zararl? içeri?e kar??, Nev?ehir Hac? Bekta? Veli Üniversitesi Antivirus ve e-posta Tarama 
Sistemleri taraf?ndan taranm??t?r.***

*Bu elektronik posta ve ekleri sadece adreste belirtilen ki?i veya kurulu?un kullan?m? için 
gönderilmektedir. 
Bu mesaj taraf?n?za yanl??l?kla ula??rsa, lütfen gönderen ki?iyi bilgilendiriniz ve mesaj? sisteminizden 
siliniz. 
Mesajda ve eklerinde yer alan bilgilerin her ne ?ekilde olursa olsun üçüncü ki?iler ile payla??lmas? hukuki 
ve cezai sorumluluk do?urabilir. 
T.C. Nev?ehir Hac? Bekta? Veli Üniversitesi'nin, bu mesaj ve eklerinin içerigi ve yay?m? ile ilgili hiçbir 
sorumlulu?u bulunmamaktad?r.*

*This email and the attachments are sent to the individual or entity defined in the address field only. 
If you are not the intended recipient or have received the message in error, please notify the sender and 
remove the message from your system immediately. 
Sharing the information in the message or the attachments with the 3rd parties may cause legal rules 
and penalties to apply. 
T.C. Nevsehir Haci Bektas Veli University has no responsibility on the submission of this message and the 
attachments.*
